[Applause]
I'm glad you see and I just want to say
I know this has been cleared up now but
I was I've been watching Curb Your
Enthusiasm and you're very very funny on
the show and because your wife Mary
Steenburgen with whom you've been
married for a very long time in real on
the show you play yourselves and then in
real life obviously you play yourselves
but on the show you you're separated and
you're getting divorced and it made me
worry that I missed some story and that
you actually were getting divorced but
you're not getting divorced not getting
divorced okay that's very good it was it
was strange am I the only one that was
upset by this gold like a lot it was
googled a lot yeah and and we had people
who we've gone out to dinner with the
night before call us it was like come on
really is everything okay yeah I did
Judy justice it is it's okay Mary I mean
did Mary know that this was the plot I
know that was my bad I forgot oh she
Union said that was gonna be the season
and I was gonna date yeah it's out so I
exist yeah I was gonna date Cheryl yes
right Larry's ex why I don't didn't see
what was so funny about that but I said
okay fine and I forgot to tell Mary so
when she showed up at work cuz you don't
you don't read scripts this is you just
punch it over and you start and they say
okay you're divorced and I go you know
and so Mary's anyway what I'm what
anyway and so okay so everything's good
there's no worry about except Larry's a
bit of a well I'm trying to remember
what kind of word I can say here oh you
didn't say any of the words that just
mean-spirited cuz he's always had his
eye on my wife oh is that right
I think it's distracted so discourse he
sees that you guys have a good thing
yeah he wants to ruin hates happy yeah
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you like that
click the subscribe button below and
good things will happen forever